So here comes the code base for the final project.
Let's take a look at the left side first.
So this is my version of the code and as you can see,
there are some files which have an ending _Instructor,
and also some files which have an ending _Student.
The version you will download on GitHub is a version where you have,
of course, only access to the student files,
but in your version they are not named _Students,
they are simply called Intersection.cpp, or Intersection.h.
We will now be looking at the _Student files and when you download the repo from GitHub,
you will have the same files but with a slightly different name.
So that also means that all the files which
have not such an ending _Student and _Instructor,
they have not been changed.
So in this overview,
you can clearly see that the only positions in
the GitHub repo where you need to make changes are the files Intersection.cpp,
Intersection.h, TrafficLight, of course,
TrafficLight has to be implemented from scratch.
In vehicle, for example,
you don't have to do any changes,
also in TrafficObject there are no changes which need to be done.
I suggest we don't start with looking at the different files, but instead,
let's use the search function because what I did is in the code,
I used the same numbering system as seen in the PowerPoint slides.
You can simply search for the different tasks for the final project,
and the first one is called FP.1.
There's one result here, let's click on this search results and it
directly takes you into the student version of TrafficLight,
but the class is already there,
and you have to add all the different items which are demanded by the tasks.
So here's a position where FP.1 has to be added,
and if you scroll up a little bit,
this is the class file or the header file for TrafficLight,
here is already a template for the MessageQueue which you should implement.
It's the templatized class that means it's a MessageQueue that will be able to take.
Arbitrary pieces of information,
in our case is going to be traffic by phases,
and below the class MessageQueue,
we have the class TrafficLight,
which is what the first task is about.
To define a class TrafficLight which is a child class of TrafficObject,
as you see currently it's not,
you have to add this and also the other tasks
here which I already discussed with you in the previous video.
So if you look for FP.2,
you will get two hits actually because the task 2 consists of two parts.
The first part 2a is concerned with the method cycle through phases,
as you can see it's all commented out here.
I have the ending of a comment block here and the begin of the comment block there.
There's quite a lot in there already,
some shelled out functions which we have here.
I suggest that you implement or that you integrate those functions one by one,
and FP.2a is down here whereas FP.2b
is in simulate where you should call the method cycle through phases in a thread.
You can do with all the other tasks the very same thing,
FP.3, it's one hit and TrafficLights_Student.h up here.
Then we have FP.4.
Again two hits, it's the first part in TrafficLights_Student.cpp,
and the MessageQueue part we have
FP.4b which is in the header part of TrafficLights_Student.
We have FP.5, again, two parts.
First in Student.cpp of the TrafficLIght implementation file,
and the second one as well.
The last one number 6 is in the intersection file.
Again, two tasks of two parts of the task.
The first one should call the simulate function on this private member
TrafficLight which is a member of the Intersection class,
and in task FP.6b,
this is where you should use the methods TrafficLight get current phase and wait for
green to block the path of execution until the traffic light turns green.
This function here add vehicle to queue, basically,
that's where we have waited for permission to enter the intersection until now.
Now we need an additional permission to
enter the intersection only if the traffic light is green.
So if you look at this code here,
here we wait until we are allowed to enter.
This has been done in one of the previous lesson projects already,
and once this permission is granted,
we get a return of this wait function here on the future of vehicle allowed to enter,
and then we can proceed to wait for the traffic light to turn green.
This part here, this code here is exactly the reason why in the simulation you can
see that once a vehicle has started driving into the intersection,
the intersection traffic light might turn red again.
That's the reason this code here where this might happen.
So that's a very brief overview of the code base.
Most of it is familiar to you already,
and the parts in the code where the tasks need to be done are
best looked for using the search function of Visual Studio Code.
I wish you all the best for the upcoming tasks,
and I'm very curious to see your submissions as soon as you get them out.
So have fun, enjoy.
Thanks for doing the concurrent programming course with Udacity.